Further document `--terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd` and redo the contents. (#3798)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/02-cli-options.md

  - [graph](#graph)
  - [stack](#stack)
- [CLI options](#cli-options)

>   - [terragrunt-check](#terragrunt-check)

Reviewer: Why was this updated?

Author: I forgot that I had done this. I tried to match the table of contents at the top with the order of stuff below. You can see that I've moved it rather than deleted it.

The command and arguments used to obtain authentication credentials dynamically. If specified, Terragrunt runs this command for every working directory before running the underlying IAC for a `terragrunt.hcl` file. This enables the use of `run_cmd()` in `terragrunt.hcl` files which need AWS to be authenticated for them to run. This is different from [`terragrunt-iam-role`](#terragrunt-iam-role), [`terragrunt-iam-assume-role`](#terragrunt-iam-assume-role) etc, wherein the AWS authentication happens _after_ the `terragrunt.hcl` files has been processed.

The output must be valid JSON of the following schema:

```json
{
  "awsCredentials": {
    "ACCESS_KEY_ID": "",
    "SECRET_ACCESS_KEY": "",
    "SESSION_TOKEN": ""
  },
  "awsRole": {
    "roleARN": "",
    "sessionName": "",
    "duration": 0,
    "webIdentityToken": ""
  },
  "envs": {
    "ANY_KEY": ""
  }
}
```

This allows Terragrunt to acquire different credentials at runtime without changing any `terragrunt.hcl` configuration. You can use this flag to set arbitrary credentials for continuous integration, authentication with providers other than AWS and more.

> As long as the standard output of the command passed to `terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd` results in JSON matching the schema above, corresponding environment variables will be set before Terragrunt begins IAC execution for a `terragrunt.hcl` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as the standard output of the command passed to `terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd` results in JSON matching the schema above, corresponding environment variables will be set (and/or roles assumed) before Terragrunt begins IAC execution for a `terragrunt.hcl` file.
```

The simplest approach to leverage this flag is to write a script that fetches desired credentials, and emits them to STDOUT in the JSON format listed above:

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

echo -n '{"envs": {"KEY": "a secret"}}'
```

> You can use any technology you'd like, however, as long as Terragrunt can execute it. The expected pattern for using this flag is to populate the values dynamically using a secret store, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any technology for the authentication provider you'd like, however, as long as Terragrunt can execute it. The expected pattern for using this flag is to author a script/program that will dynamically fetch secret values from a secret store, etc. then emit them to STDOUT for consumption by Terragrunt.
```

Similarly, if you would like Terragrunt to assume an AWS role on your behalf, you are encouraged to use the `awsRole` configuration instead of `envs`.

Other credential configurations will be supported in the future, but until then, if your provider authenticates via environment variables, you can use the `envs` field to fetch credentials dynamically from a secret store, etc before Terragrunt executes any IAC.

**Note**: The `awsRole` configuration is only used when the `awsCredentials` configuration is not present. If both are present, the `awsCredentials` configuration will take precedence.

### terragrunt-iam-role

**CLI Arg**: `--terragrunt-iam-role`<br/>
**Environment Variable**: `TERRAGRUNT_IAM_ROLE`<br/>
**Requires an argument**: `--terragrunt-iam-role "arn:aws:iam::ACCOUNT_ID:role/ROLE_NAME"`<br/>

Assume the specified IAM role ARN for running OpenTofu/Terraform or AWS commands. This is a convenient way to use Terragrunt
and OpenTofu/Terraform with multiple AWS accounts. 

> When using this option, the AWS authentication happens _after_ the `terragrunt.hcl` files have been processed. Therefore, `run_cmd()` calls in `terragrunt.hcl` files which need AWS to be authenticated for them to run will fail. If you need this, use [`terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd`](#terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using this option, AWS authentication takes place right before an OpenTofu/Terraform run. This takes place after `terragrunt.hcl` files are fully parsed, so HCL functions like [`get_aws_account_id`](/docs/reference/built-in-functions/#get_aws_account_id) and [`run_cmd`](/docs/reference/built-in-functions/#run_cmd) will not run after assuming the role. If you need roles to be assumed prior to parsing Terragrunt configurations, use [`terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd`](#terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd) instead.

happens _after_ the `terragrunt.hcl` files have been processed. Therefore, `run_cmd()` calls in `terragrunt.hcl` files which need AWS to be authenticated for them to run will fail. If you need this, use [`terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd`](#terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd) instead.
```

Used as the web identity token for assuming a role temporarily using the AWS Security Token Service (STS) with the [AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity.html) API.

> When using this option, the AWS authentication happens _after_ the `terragrunt.hcl` files have been processed. Therefore, `run_cmd()` calls in `terragrunt.hcl` files which need AWS to be authenticated for them to run will fail. If you need this, use [`terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd`](#terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using this option, AWS authentication takes place right before an OpenTofu/Terraform run. This takes place after `terragrunt.hcl` files are fully parsed, so HCL functions like [`get_aws_account_id`](/docs/reference/built-in-functions/#get_aws_account_id) and [`run_cmd`](/docs/reference/built-in-functions/#run_cmd) will not run after assuming the role. If you need roles to be assumed prior to parsing Terragrunt configurations, use [`terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd`](#terragrunt-auth-provider-cmd) instead.
```
